# Flipped-Classroom.AI
Deep-learning paired with NLP to create and mark assessment in a personalized way based on how a teacher does it. 

Full development of the app will take 2-3 more months to make the interface and all the features. But the actual deep learning algorithm is already made, and a basic command-line-interface version of the app can be used right now to store assessment questions, generate new ones, and generate new assessments. An application for teachers to create and upload tests to that will significantly decrease the amount of time it takes to create and mark assessment, and will allow for a transition to flipped classroom models. Reduction in teacher workload from time spent creating and marking assessments, the current range of time spent estimations from PHS teachers ranges from 25% to 50% of their working day. Additionally, flipped classrooms are proven to lead to an increase in student marks, so if it is used for flipped classroom marks should increase. Reduce the time spent making and marking assessments for teachers to 20% of what it is now, which falls in line with the ‘golden rule’ of deep learning which stipulates that current trained models can fill out a dataset from only 20% of the desired data. OpenAI API tokens to power the application: $100 will be more than enough to generate 1000+ assessments. This app is successful if it saves time and allows teachers to try out new things in their classrooms. Frequent status reports should occur multiple times a semester that coincide with units finishing to measure how much time is actually saved for the teachers. Additionally student performance on the assessment should be measured to ensure they are consistent. This app cannot replace what a teacher does, and heavily relies on their input to keep things running smoothly. One of the biggest risks of this app is that if successful, it could be used as an excuse to continue withholding, and even cut back, on the resources that led to the time constraint of assessment making being a constraint in the first place. The same systems that teachers use currently should be kept in place as a mitigation plan so that this app does not disrupt their expertise. 

The most important thing is to make the teacher’s time spent making and marking assessments stretch further by using past assessments and a minimal amount of new work to fill out the rest of the required data. This is done through a deep learning algorithm that is designed to mimic the thought process of the teacher. Once that algorithm is packaged up with an intuitive interface and proper data management, it can be used as a web application that outputs and stores data in a drive. 
